# AGILE (libGDX)
AGILE (libGDX) is a port of my C# AGILE Sierra AGI interpreter project to Java, using the libGDX cross-platform development framework, targeting Desktop, Android and HTML5/GWT. The AGILE interpreter code itself is a straight conversion of the C# code to Java, but for the "AGI Library" part, it is instead using a stripped down version of the JAGI project, which was already written in Java and already had code for loading AGI resources.

The initial commit of the code already works fairly well for the Desktop platform, but the ultimate goal, and the reason why libgdx was chosen (and why the JAGI bit is stripped down to the bare minimum), is to get it working as a web app, by targetting the GWT/HTML libgdx platform. This will be a little tricky though, as Javascript is single threaded, which isn't compatible with how AGI blocks waiting for input in some scenarios. To address that in the C# version, and also in the Desktop platform of agile-gdx, a background Thread is created to run the actual Interpreter code, so that the UI thread is not blocked. The current thinking for HTML5 is that a web worker might provide what is needed, as they allow code to be run outside of the browser's main UI thread, but libgdx and GWT don't provide direct access to that. It would need to be written directly in native Javascript. There are the other obvious issues to address, such as HTML5 not having access to files, so would need to instead fetch a game via a URL or some other mechanism allowed by a web browser.

For details of the original C# version, see here: https://github.com/lanceewing/agile
